# DIGIWAGE Core v2.1.0

## Summary
This major upgrade brings a large set of new features to DIGIWAGE Core; Users can now:
- see the USD value of their available WAGE directly within DIGIWAGE Core.
- use the `burn` command to permanently embed custom data on-chain, or simply burn WAGE from the circulating supply.
- use the `getblockchaininfo` or `getinfo` commands to see the total "burned" WAGE.
- see burns within the GUI, displayed by a coloured "DIGIWAGE flame" icon, the TX list can also be 'filtered' by burns.
- use the `reloadmasternodeconfig` command to hot-reload their masternode.conf file, without restarting their wallet.

Additionally, this release contains a major patch for upstream exploit: CVE-2018-17145, also known as [INVDoS](https://invdos.net/), DIGIWAGE Core is also more stable, crash-resistant and hardened by a multitude of bugfixes.

## How to Upgrade
_DIGIWAGE Core v2.1.0 is a **non-consensus-breaking** update. In other words, you are not required to upgrade, but it is highly recommended. The reasons it is strongly encouraged for users to upgrade is because it will further secure your wallet with bugfixes and exploit patches, alongside new features that the DIGIWAGE Forge requires to function._

Steps to Upgrade:
1. Shutdown DIGIWAGE Core
2. (Optional) Delete "digiwage-qt" from your device
3. [Download DIGIWAGE Core v2.1.0](https://github.com/digiwage/digiwage/releases)
4. Open "digiwage-qt"
5. **Upgrade Complete!**


---
Starting with the latest changes (ending with the oldest), each commit has its own category.
# Changelog

**Highlighted** changes are deemed important / notable to the average user.
- [GUI] *(JSKitty)* - **Add currency displays (USD first)** (Your USD equivalent in WAGE is now displayed in-wallet!)
- [GUI] *(YuurinBee)* - Add Color Burn Images
- [GUI] *(JSKitty)* - Add Burned transaction type
- [GUI] *(JSKitty)* - Autocomplete help RPC commands
---
- [QT] *(JSKitty)* - Guard wallet pointer in getEncryptionStatus
- [QT] *(JSKitty)* - Guard isStakingStatusActive pointers
---
- [RPC] *(JSKitty)* - Allow zero-value burns for data relays
- [RPC] *(JSKitty)* - **Add ability to hot-reload Masternode config** (Masternodes can be added/removed without restarts!)
- [RPC] *(JSKitty)* - **Add scam protection to wallet commands** (The Debug Console is now safer for the average user!)
- [RPC] *(JSKitty)* - Ensure burn data doesnt exceed maximum relay
- [RPC] *(JSKitty)* - **Add burn RPC with optional string (OP_RETURN)** (Anyone can easily embed permanent data on-chain!)
- [RPC] *(JSKitty)* - **Guard RPC server during warm-up** (DIGIWAGE Core won't crash anymore when the Forge is opened before it!)
---
- [Core] *(JSKitty)* - Update Checkpoints
---
- [DB] *(JSKitty)* - Simplify burn calculations and include TX fees
- [DB] *(JSKitty)* - **Introduce Burned WAGE tracking** (You can now track the total amount of burned WAGE, scarcity FTW!)
---
- [Net] *(JSKitty)* - **Patch CVE-2018-17145** (The [INVDoS exploit](https://invdos.net/) has been patched in DIGIWAGE Core!)
---
- [Misc] *(JSKitty & YuurinBee)* - **Rename Sats/PIV/Duffs to Zen(s)** (The smallest denomination of a WAGE is a ZEN!)
---
- [Tests] *(JSKitty)* - Rebrand and update Travis + test script files
---
- [Trivial] *(YuurinBee)* - Copyright & RPC Text Update
- [Trivial] *(JSKitty)* - Remove unused GetSeeSaw()

---
# Credits
(Project Maintainer & Core Developer) **JSKitty**

(Graphical Designer) **YuurinBee**

(Release Advisor & Developer) **Liquid369** - [DogeC](https://dogec.io/)

(Upstream Patches) **DIGIWAGE Core Team**
